The magical rock of snow-men:

This story is long before that of modern era, it is a story of magical and adorable witch world where all the beautiful and smart witches reside, but there was one smarter, ill hearted and more cruel than others, who wanted to capture all the land as far as eye could see, which included the land of the snow-men. A gentle species made of snow, some wood and a rare magical rock. the rock is said to be of a star of other worlds, which landed on the land millions of years ago.
The clever witch overheard about this species over her witch's telecom. connection. She devised a plan and went for the preprations. After few days, the snow-men found a rogue aquintence in battered condition who alerted them of the witch's ill intention and helped them build an underground freezer house. The witch came a few days later with a humongorus army of magical beasts but found no soul alive in the deserted land. She was devestated and returned with a huge frown. As soon as the witch took off, the rogue......

my ending:

without a moment's hesitation broke the main beam of the freezer and took life of all the living souls including himself! The witch came back with a dimentional pocket to collect the loot. While collecting she found the rock of the rogue and wispered the words,"Thank you for your service all these years young man". With a maniacal laughter.



Chat gpt ending 1:

The rogue snowman, who had secretly been the witch's puppet all along, revealed himself to the other snowmen. He had been sent by the witch to gather information and help her capture the snowmen, but he had ultimately decided to betray her and warn the snowmen of her plans.
The snowmen were shocked and saddened by the revelation, but they knew that they had to be more careful in the future. They decided to keep the underground freezer house as a secret and make it their home, always staying alert for any potential threats.
The witch, meanwhile, was enraged by the rogue snowman's betrayal and swore to get her revenge. She spent years searching for the snowmen, but they were always one step ahead, thanks to the warning they had received.
In the end, the witch was never able to capture the snowmen, and they lived happily in their underground freezer house, always remembering the bravery and sacrifice of the rogue snowman who had helped save them.


Chat gpr ending 2:(the one i like)

The rogue snowman, who had helped the snowmen build their underground freezer house, was revealed to be a puppet controlled by the witch, and was sentenced to the 'pit of magma'. She had used the snowman to lead the other snowmen into a false sense of security, tricking them into thinking they were safe in their underground freezer house.
The witch, enraged by her failure to capture the snowmen, decided to use her magic to create a new, more powerful snowman puppet. This snowman would be even more devious and cunning, able to infiltrate the snowmen's defenses and lead them into traps set by the witch.
The witch worked tirelessly, pouring all of her dark magic into the creation of this new puppet. And when it was finally finished, it was a formidable creature, with glowing red eyes and a sinister grin.
The witch sent the new snowman puppet to infiltrate the snowmen's defenses, and it succeeded where the first one had failed. The snowmen, trusting in the puppet's seemingly friendly nature, allowed it into their underground freezer house.
But once inside, the snowman puppet revealed its true nature, attacking the snowmen and capturing them one by one. The witch's army of magical beasts soon arrived to take the captured snowmen back to the witch's lair, where they would be used as her prisoners and forced to do her bidding.
And so, the witch's plan to capture all the land as far as the eye could see was finally complete, thanks to the help of her rogue snowman puppet. The snowmen, once a gentle and peaceful species, were now nothing more than the witch's prisoners, forced to do her bidding for all eternity. The end



Chat gpt ending 3:(meh but still better than me)

The rogue snowman, who had helped the other snowmen escape, revealed himself to be a puppet of the witch all along. He had been sent to gather information about the snowmen and their defenses, and to lead the witch to them so she could capture them.
The other snowmen were shocked and disappointed, but they knew they had to act quickly to protect themselves. They used their magic to create a special spell that would break the witch's control over the rogue snowman, freeing him from her grasp.
The spell worked, and the rogue snowman was finally able to break free from the witch's control. He was deeply sorry for his actions and vowed to make amends by helping the snowmen defend themselves against the witch and her army of magical beasts.
Together, the snowmen and the rogue snowman stood strong against the witch and her minions, using their magic and cunning to outwit and defeat them. In the end, the witch was forced to retreat, defeated and humiliated.
The snowmen rejoiced in their victory, and the rogue snowman was welcomed back into their community with open arms. From then on, he vowed to always be true and loyal to his friends and allies, and to use his cunning and intelligence for good, rather than for evil. And so, the snowmen lived happily ever after, safe and protected from all harm.

